index.md, before:

## Pi Apps for Python

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Captain-Toad/pi-apps-python.github.io/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Captain-Toad/pi-apps-python.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updated website homepage with contents from README

index.md, after:

## Pi Apps for Python

Pi Apps for Python is a front end for pi-apps (which can be found at Botspot's GitHub repo.)

From here on, I may refer to Pi Apps for Python as PAFP.

The main reason I am making this is because I love Pi Apps, but I am slightly irritated at yad's terrible draw times. It can take over 5 to 10 seconds to draw a single window. I am using a Python module named guizero, which is essentially Tkinter but with a simpler syntax. (It is based on Tkinter.) It has relatively fast loading times.

I will be heavily relying on the os module to run install/update scripts and get the contents of directories.

Installation for Pi Apps for Python is simple. I spent about an hour writing a fancy bash script to install PAFP. Clone the repo with:

`git clone https://github.com/captain-toad/pi-apps-python`.

Navigate to the new directory with:

`cd pi-apps-python`

Make install.sh executable with:

`chmod +x installer.sh`

And finally, run install.sh with:

`./installer.sh`.

If you want to do all of that in one command, try:

`git clone https://github.com/captain-toad/pi-apps-python && cd pi-apps-python && chmod +x installer.sh && ./installer.sh`.

Just let everything install, and you're good to go!

##Versions
Pi Apps for Python is still in VERY early development. I started it today (Mar 19) and all I have done is written a basic title and window in the GUI, and an install script. I'll describe this development phase as `pre-prototype`.

I don't believe the .desktop shortcut works right now, so you may have to run it manually (`python3 ~/pi-apps/gui.py`).
